matter: Increase default retry interval for Thread (#14936)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

------

* Added support for merging the generated factory data HEX file with the firmware HEX file by using the devicetree configuration, when Partition Manager is not enabled in the project.

> * Updated default MRP retry intervals for Thread devices to 2s to reduce the number of spurious retransmissions in Thread networks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated default MRP retry intervals for Thread devices to two seconds to reduce the number of spurious retransmissions in Thread networks.
```
